1. Tell me about a time when you could not meet the deadline of a project.
I had to turn in a todo application in two weeks. On the second week we had a snow storm that took our power. There wasn't way to charge our computers and the whole we used our time to find food, water, and heat. I communicated to the team about the project and the situation i was dealing with. They extended the deadline. What I learned was that random things happen and it much better to communicate with your team than to freak out. Usually communication can help move things along and sometimes its not as bad as things seem.

2. What do you do when you need to motivate a group of individuals?
I usually am always looking for clues in peoples energy or what they are saying. Ill ask how people they are doing, make a joke to raise energy levels or change things up, I'll then ask what concerns they may have, or what they would love to see in the task or project, what role would they like to take on. Breaks are helpful sometimes to restart the brain. Sometimes Ill even start the meeting with a song to change things up. It depends on how the group is feeling and the message they are sending through words or body language. Depending on a few things I have a few things up my sleeve to try and ignite some energy. Would you like to give me scenario to test how I would deal with the situation.

3. A time when you were faced with a problem that had multiple solutions.
We were working on a project and the group having difficulty deciding which frame work to try. We were deciding between gastby and next which we had previously used and next which we would have to learn how to use. Our deadline for the project was one week. We all decided to try and implement next. After two days we found out that next was a bit more work than we had thought, so I suggested we start from scratch and go back to gatsby. We ended up finishing the project, but it wasn't done smoothly. I learned that it is probably best to stick with what you know if you don't have a lot of time to finish something. Experimentation should probably be done outside the scope of a deadline. I also know this from being in a band. Every time we tried adding a new song to a live show that we hadn't practiced it was a disaster. We later made a rule to only play songs we had practiced and only improvise with songs we knew by heart. 

4. Lets say you need something from a coworker and that person isn't responding. How would you deal with this?
With a situation like this I take two different approaches. If I don't know the person well enough I'll talk to someone who knows them a bit better and ask them how that person likes to communicate. Then I will go from there and try to communicate with them according to the friends suggestions. If I know the person or their type of personality then I just ask them if we can schedule a time to speak one on one. Usually a one on one conversation to understand their point of view is all it takes to get someone to open up.

5. Tell me about a time when you worked with a difficult team member?
I feel like anytime I work with someone who seems a bit difficult things get better the more you listen to them. Ill ask questions about their interests. I'll ask about what they enjoy or don't enjoy about work or the project. Usually once they start opening up and they see that all you want to do is listen, they start being more open to working with you.

6. An example when you needed to push back on a decision.
We had to do a presentation as a group. I am very much into practicing something before doing. Through my experience playing live music and being in front of crowds under extreme pressure I have learned that if you haven't practiced something you probably shouldn't do it. Back to the the presentation. We as a team had already practiced our presentation multiple times before the date. On the date of the presentation just a couple hours before we had to present one of our teammates was really pushing to change things up and re-arrange a few things. I really had to push back on this, at least let my apprehension be heard. I pleaded with them that through my experience performing and public speaking it probably wasn't a good idea to change things so late in the game. Most of the group was ok changing things up so we ended up having to change things. Luckily the presentation went well but it wasn't without as smooth as it could've been.

7. Tell me about an interesting project and how you kept things moving.
We were working on a mobile store app based on the buy nothing website.
Well we came up with an out line of the project. I came up with a plan for organization and stand ups. Each day we would meet for a few minutes in the morning and then a few minutes at the end of the day. Communication was open throughout the day using slack. One thing I added to the meetings was to just hang for a bit without talking about work. Maybe 5 minutes or so with the team. To talk about how their morning was, or did they see the game, or just random things. I always felt the starting the morning on a light note gave everyone a better mood to then start getting down to business. I also did the reverse when ending the day. I made sure to see how everyone was doing, come up with a our plans for tomorrow and end with some light humor to end things light. The end meetings didn't go as long as the morning meetings to avoid burn out. 

8. Toughest decision you've had to make in the passed 6 months. 
Having to visit my family in an emergency. My dad was going through some mental issues and I was having to decide of whether to wait it out to see if things improve or decide to go an see if I can help in person. The reason it was difficulty is because I wasn't ina place financially to take a trip to california for a week. I decided to just buy a ticket and go, and that this was the right thing to do. It turned out to be such a good trip. I was able to help him and also the trip helped me get closer to my mother and the rest of my family.

9. 3 strengths
I am great with people and working with all types of personalities.
I am very reliable
I deep dive into anything I am trying to get good at. It consumes me. For instance I like cooking. Once I was trying to learn to make smash burgers. So for 2 weeks straight I made smash burgers everyday till I was able to make burgers taste good enough to where I was ok letting other taste them. I feel this deep dive into things helps me learn things well. 


Sometimes I analyze things that don't need to be analyzed. I have built a habit over the years of breaking things down and figuring out why things happen in life. However that sometimes makes me miss what is actually happening in front of me in real time. I need to shut that off and live in the moment and be present. I am working on that. This year I've started learning to meditate for 5 minutes in when I wake up and 5 ;minutes before I go to sleep. I feel that has helped shut my brain off from constantly looping through things when I don't have to. 

Another weakness of mine is that as social as I am I am also a bit of an introvert once my energy gets drained from socializing. Because of this I find that I need to take 10 minute breaks if I am around big crowds for too many hours. Like I can be the life of the party and talk to everyone in the room, but every now and then I find that I just need to be by myself for a sec to recharge. 

Also I am still learning to be a better listener. Its taken a while for me to listen first and the speak when in conversations with people. I should always be focused on the person I am speaking with and what they are saying, but sometimes I find that I still jump the gun before they are finished. 


10. Why do you want to work at google?
I am always looking to improve as a person. Whether in confidence, the way i think, or how I treat others. I read a new york times article on googles project aristotle. I can't recall everything in the article but what I took from it I use in my day to day life. Seeing a bit of how google deals with teams really makes me excited to be part of the process and absorb the culture. The first being let every one speak equally and to have sensitivity to the group you're in. This article allowed me to see how google views team work and how it tries to improve ad learn about team work and productivity. I want to be part of this company not only because google is everything technology and internet, but also I love how much they are always looking to improve in all areas. I want to learn how to be a better problem solver and there isn't a better place in my opinion learn about problem solving than google. 

11. Dealing with a conflict with a team member in the passed?
I had an argument with a team mate once. I felt she kept ignoring some of my ideas or that my opinions weren't being taken into consideration. I guess I felt unvalued. I told her during the argument that I was frustrated with the situation allow me to cool my head. After I had called down I apologized for allowing my emotions to get flustered and then explained why I was frustrated. I also asked her how I frustrated her and tried to find out where communication had failed. 

12. Tell me about a time when you missed an obvious solution to a problem.
To be honest I feel like do that all the time when writing code. Sometimes I'll get stuck on something and then when I find a solution I find that I was over complicating things. I'm still learning how to simplify things and that a lot of problems don't need a complicated solution. Recently I've learned to take a couple of minutes off of the screen and come back to something. For whatever reason my brain starts understanding and seeing things clearer after that.

13. Tell me about a time where you took the lead on a difficult project.
I was a bartender at red robin a few years ago. The power went down and computers shut down. Once of my managers panicked and went home. We were left without leadership, hungry customers, and customers who wanted to pay and leave. First thing I did was to talk to the rest of the team and let them know that our manager left. Next I spoke to the front desk and told them to let new customers know that our computers were down for the forseeable future. I told the servers to let the customers waiting for food that we may have to retake orders because some orders didn't go through due to the power outage. And the customers who wanted to leave we either took cash or gave them the option to leave their number to pay later, or the food was on the house.

14. A time where you came up with a new approach to a problem.
So recently we had a water and power outage in texas. We didn't have heat or water to use bathrooms. I noticed that ice would melt from the roof during the day time. I put pots and pans all around the house to catch those droplets and used that water to fill the toilets. For heat, we needed wood, but wood was sold out. I previously worked for walmart and knew that they threw away wood palets. We took those unwanted palets from the back and used them for wood fire. 

15. Describe a time when you found it difficult to work with someone form a different background.
There's was a from class who would always get frustrated with everything and everyone. He would shut everyone's ideas down and not let anyone speak. I was paired up with him one on one so I took the time to get to know him. Once I felt he was open to hearing constructive criticism I explained to him how we felt he was treating us

16. Tell me about a time you had to deal with ambiguity.
Recently I had to build a project using 3 unknown tools: a new language, IDE, and a new framework. I basically looked at the screen and nothing made sense.  What I did was write everything down concerning what I didnt understand and what I did understand. Taking things out of my brain and on to paper or a screen helps my brain avoid burn out. Because I know java script I decided to start with the framework documentation and found some tutorials. Next I moved to the IDE documentation, and tutorials, Next I read the some Java documentation and tutorials. My plan was to divide things into small problems, read about them, and find any tutorials that could help me walk through or make things clearer. 

17. Tell me about a time when you made sure a customer was pleased with your service.
An elderly couple came in to the restaurant one time and they complained about the table they were given. They felt that they had been type cast and were given that table do to their age. They felt that was rude and also unfair. I explained that the reason they were given that section in the restaurant was because we didn't have servers in other areas. I also asked them to give me the opportunity to serve them and to change their experience. I moved them to a section in the restaurant where they felt most comfortable. They thanked me through out their meal for attending to them. Later I left them my name and told them any time they were un happy during another visit to have the staff contact me and i would help them figure out how to best meet their needs.

18. Dealing with a difficult customer.
There was a guest who had alcohol in a bag and was drinking from it at the bar top. He was also bothering some of the waitresses. I kindly asked him if he was drinking alcohol from inside his bag. He said no. Then I told him , " look I have to be honest, ive been watching you for a while and I've seen you take beer cans out of the bag and drink from them. We can't have that. Plus we are closed now. Per the law of the state of washington I have to ask you to leave, because we can't have outside drinks in the restaurant." He wasn't too happy about what I said. He kinda wanted to fight me. However, I had to do what I had to do and had a manger help me as we both walked him out. 

19. Describe a time you improved a process with limited budget.
Being musician can be an impossible task due to money. We needed to record songs and a studio costs thousands of dollars. I started researching how to make recording from home sound good by using open source technology or inexpensive recording programs. I emailed a few professional musicians to ask advice techniques for home recording. I bought a computer program for home recording and studied youtube videos on home recording which were free. The recordings we were able to create from that were later used to help us work with a Maroon 5 producer and a billie elish engineer. I also showed those recording to a musician from a platinum selling band called flyleaf. He liked them and later stayed with us for a week to help write more music. 

20. Tell me about a team project you worked on.
Pitch finder. An app that helps people find pickup games around the area. 
Im very good at coming up with ideas to new things. This has been an idea of mine for a while because i remember.

21. Tell me about a situation where you had to solve a difficult problem.
It was new years at red robin. Two workers were frustrated and walked out of the store leaving us shorthanded. The restaurant was basically falling apart. One of the waitresses had been yelled at by a guest and was crying. My goal through all of this was to lower the stress levels of the team and guests as much as possible. I told the waitress to go to the back and get some mental peace. I went over to her sections and spoke to all the guests, explaining everything that was happening. The guests were happy to help. I then spoke with my manager to see how we could help the team that was left better deal with the stress. I ended up taking a larger section and slowing down how fast guests were being seated. I spoke to as many guests as possible to explain what was going on.


22. Why google? Give three reasons.
I feel I can make a difference here and be someone valuable to google. I have a lot of life experiences that I feel can be helpful to google. I was homeless, my mom and dad both left me as a child and i was raised by my uncle. My mother is a lesbian so I also have lived in an lgbt house hold. Ive been to more than 15 school, and lived in a third world country. I've been a musician, toured the country, and played for thousands of people. I feel I have a lot I can share with google and way more to learn from google. 
Lastly, There isn't a better place to learn about technology than google. If I have to be a janitor here just to get the foot in the door ill do it. Where's the mop?
Also you are an engineering company according to google employee accounts. I want to be part of that. Netflix deals with movie, I am not interested in that.

23. Tell me about a time you had to persuade somebody at work.
We were working on a store app and we had a teammate that was refusing to allow us to try to solve a problem in a specific way. He kept shutting down our ideas and seemed afraid to try them due to the amount of time given to finish the project. I spoke with him one on one and mentioned to him that we have to at least try something. We didn't have any leads on a solution so we had to at least push to make a bit of progress. I showed him that we had 3 different ways we could go about attempting a solution. We could at least dedicate 15 min in trying to implement each solution. At the very least it would help team moral because the teammates with those ideas would feel validation that their ideas mattered.

24. What is your greatest accomplishment.
My greatest accomplishment is becoming one of the top sellers at every restaurant I've worked in. One of the reasons I started working in restaurants was because I lacked social skills. I was afraid to start conversations with new people and I was afraid to take charge in groups. I knew that working in a Restaurant would force me to be in front of people each day. When I first started I had two talks with the managers concerning my performance. I was one of the servers that received the most and worst complaints from customers. I could only handle a few tables and would run to the freezer to scream from the inability to deal with chaos and pressure. Two years later I became one of the a head bartenders, assistant manger, server trainer, and consistently one of the highest grossing sales employees. Through working at restaurants I have grown my social network and have build confidence and assurance in my abilities to learn and improve.

25. How will a role a Google help you grow your career?
I am assuming that at Google I will have the opportunity to socialize with experts from many different fields. That is one thing that excites me the most. I am people watcher and I believe that every person you meet has something you can learn from them and vice versa. The ufc champion connor mcgregor said in an interview that he was at the beach trying to do a pull up called a muscle up. Its where you bring your chin up to the bar and go passed that all the way till your hips are and bar level. He said that he was trying for a while and couldn't figure it out. A homeless man came up to him and gave him some tips. Even though he was the most famous and rich champion in the world, he listened the man and tried the technique. It worked and he was able to preform the muscle up. That is gives insight in my philosophy when it comes to learning from people. No matter where you are in life literally anyone and everyone can teach you something. What better place to meet people like that than google?

26. What is your dream job.
Right now my dream Job is to become a Software engineer and work at pixar. However, my experience and skill level is not where I want it to be. I believe my path towards my dream job would highly benefit from this program. The more I know about the things that happen around software the better Ill be. 

27. Why should I get hired?
I can learn, I can adapt, Im interested in the job. 

28. What would you like to accomplish with in the first 6 months?
3 months will be protocol of office procedures. 3 months after will be deep diving into the actual work flow and networking.

29. What is your leadership approach?
I'll watch the team and see which personalities are better suited for each role. If there is a role that I fit then Ill will pursue that role. I am always looking for what the team needs and how I can help fit those needs. 